"get-messages"
**************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Consumes message from the queue.


Usage
=====

   oci queue messages get-messages [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--queue-id [text]

unique Queue identifier


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

The limit parameter controls how many messages is returned at-most.
The default is 1, the minimum is 1 and the maximum is 32.

--timeout-in-seconds [integer]

If the timeoutInSeconds parameter isn’t set or set to a value greater
than zero, the request is using the long-polling mode and will only
return when a message is available for consumption (it does not wait
for limit messages but still only returns at-most limit messages) or
after timeoutInSeconds seconds (in which case it will return an empty
response) whichever comes first. If the parameter is set to zero, the
request is using the short-polling mode and immediately returns
whether messages have been retrieved or not. In same rare-cases a
long-polling request could be interrupted (returned with empty
response) before the end of the timeout. The minimum is 0 (long
polling disabled), the maximum is 30 seconds and default is 30
seconds.

--visibility-in-seconds [integer]

If the visibilityInSeconds parameter is set, messages will be hidden
for visibilityInSeconds seconds and won’t be consumable by other
consumers during that time. If it isn’t set it defaults to the value
set at the queue level. The minimum is 0 and the maximum is 43,200 (12
hours). Using a visibilityInSeconds of 0, effectively acts as a peek
functionality. Messages retrieved that way, aren’t meant to be deleted
because they will most likely be delivered to another consumer as
their visibility won’t change, but will still increase the delivery
count by one.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/queue/queue-admin/queue/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/queue/queue-admin/queue/create.html#cmdoption-display-name

       queue_id=$(oci queue queue-admin queue create --compartment-id $compartment_id --display-name $display_name --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci queue messages get-messages --queue-id $queue_id
