"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

This API enables the customer to Create an Incident


Usage
=====

   oci support incident incident create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the tenancy.

--csi [text]

Customer Support Identifier

--description [text]

This should be the description of the SR with a more granular level of
detail as to what the problem you are facing is.  eg: I cannot connect
to my compute instance.  I have tried ssh, ping, traceroute, and
provide the results of those.

--ocid [text]

User OCID for Oracle Identity Cloud Service (IDCS) users who also have
a federated Oracle Cloud Infrastructure account.

--problem-type [text]

The kind of support ticket, such as a technical issue request.

Accepted values are:

   ACCOUNT, LEGACY_LIMIT, LIMIT, TECH

--severity [text]

States severity level of incident. Acceptable values are MEDIUM, HIGH,
HIGHEST.  Please note for HIGHEST: Oracle Support requires a 24x7
contact be provided so additional information can be requested as
needed 24x7.)

Accepted values are:

   HIGH, HIGHEST, MEDIUM

--title [text]

Title for the SR.  Should be a high level description of issue.  eg:
Cannot connect to instance


Optional Parameters
===================

--contacts [complex type]

The list of contacts.

This option is a JSON list with items of type Contact.  For
documentation on Contact please see our API reference: https://docs.c
loud.oracle.com/api/#/en/incident/20181231/datatypes/Contact. This is
a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be
provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using
the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--homeregion [text]

The region of the tenancy.

--referrer [text]

The incident referrer. This value is often the URL that the customer
used when creating the support ticket.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/support/incident/incident/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export csi=<substitute-value-of-csi> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/support/incident/incident/create.html#cmdoption-csi
       export description=<substitute-value-of-description> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/support/incident/incident/create.html#cmdoption-description
       export ocid=<substitute-value-of-ocid> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/support/incident/incident/create.html#cmdoption-ocid
       export problem_type=<substitute-value-of-problem_type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/support/incident/incident/create.html#cmdoption-problem-type
       export severity=<substitute-value-of-severity> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/support/incident/incident/create.html#cmdoption-severity
       export title=<substitute-value-of-title> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/support/incident/incident/create.html#cmdoption-title

       oci support incident incident create --compartment-id $compartment_id --csi $csi --description $description --ocid $ocid --problem-type $problem_type --severity $severity --title $title
