"update"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

This API enables the customer to Update an Incident


Usage
=====

   oci support incident incident update [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--activity-type [text]

This is the action to be taken on the ticket.  Acceptable values are
(CASE SENSITIVE) NOTES, EMAIL_OUTBOUND, EMAIL_INBOUND, CLOSE, UPDATE,
PROBLEM_DESCRIPTION

--comments [text]

String text field with the comment you wish to add to the ticket.
Must put the string in quotes.

--csi [text]

The Customer Support Identifier associated with the support account.

--incident-key [text]

Unique identifier for the support ticket.

--ocid [text]

User OCID for Oracle Identity Cloud Service (IDCS) users who also have
a federated Oracle Cloud Infrastructure account.

--type [text]

At this time the only valid type is activity.  Eventually this will be
expanded to include things like attachment.


Optional Parameters
===================

--force

Perform update without prompting for confirmation.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--homeregion [text]

The region of the tenancy.

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource. The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource’s
current etag value.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export activity_type=<substitute-value-of-activity_type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/support/incident/incident/update.html#cmdoption-activity-type
       export comments=<substitute-value-of-comments> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/support/incident/incident/update.html#cmdoption-comments
       export csi=<substitute-value-of-csi> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/support/incident/incident/update.html#cmdoption-csi
       export incident_key=<substitute-value-of-incident_key> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/support/incident/incident/update.html#cmdoption-incident-key
       export ocid=<substitute-value-of-ocid> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/support/incident/incident/update.html#cmdoption-ocid
       export type=<substitute-value-of-type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/support/incident/incident/update.html#cmdoption-type

       oci support incident incident update --activity-type $activity_type --comments $comments --csi $csi --incident-key $incident_key --ocid $ocid --type $type
